OB-852 Update troubleshooting doc with pubsub check command (#1652)
akeneo/pim-docs: onboarder/troubleshooting/index.rst

    [supervisord]
    environment=GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS="/srv/pim/serviceAccount.json",ONBOARDER_TOPIC_NAME_FOR_PUBLICATION_TO_MIDDLEWARE="middleware-topic-name",...

> You can check if pubsub access is OK using the following command in your pim

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check if Google Pub/Sub access is successfully configured by using the following command in your pim
```

Author: done, ty
